the minute of wine today we will
quietly reveal the heavy
secrets that surround the colors of the
wine why is a wine red white
rosé open if the greens is that you
are colorblind first revelations on
never talk about it but the wine does not grow
not a supermarket or even among
wine merchants the wine is obtained from
grapes friends grapes that have for the
most white pulp their juice is
so white to get red wine on
sprinkle the paprika juice and then
waited no I'm wrong sheets
that's to get red wine so we
uses pigmented skin grapes
red grape varieties during the
vinification let the skin macerate
black grapes in the vat of
fermentation and hop the juice turns red
in the skin of white grape varieties in
contrast no pigment the grapes
whites will give white wines and the
pink
some claim it is a
mixture of red wine and white wine
allow me to chuckle in
france in any case this practice is
prohibited
in fact when vinification the skin
black grapes soaks like
during the preparation of the red wine
it simply macerated in less time
at this point she wonders
certainly if a red grape can
give a white wine
this question is appalling of course
that we can red grape pulp
and white so if we do not let the
skin macerate in the juice we get the
white wine but the grape is not the
only variable in the color of the wine that
would be too simple the grape variety is at
to say the variety of the vine influence him
also for example cabernets gives
intense blouse dresses that pinot
black
it is still necessary to mention sugar more
Sugar content is high plus the
color is intense and age the color
wine as that of humans
moreover, evolved over the years
pallice red wines while the
white wines become darker in
end of life all the wines take
finally the same orange hue no
jealous but it's too late for them
enjoy a drink for the very tall
wines there is a whole range of
colors that when we know how to decipher it
gives indications on the wine a wine
purplish or purple is a very young wine
red orange or garnet has reached a
early aging
mahogany aren and obviously too old
a blue is probably a product wc
that it is better not to drink wine
gray of toul in all that it is not
gray but pale pink it's actually a wine
rosé and alsace pinot gris
a rosé too he is not at all
white will understand
next week we will look to
understand why wine is called the
wine is not the bluff game what would
still a nicer word